Portfolio v2 with new designs (#1)
aqumus/portfolio: README.md

    gatsby develop
    ```

2.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`!

    _Note: You'll also see a second link: _`http://localhost:8000/___graphql`_. This is a tool you can use to experiment with querying your data. Learn more about using this tool in the [Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-five/#introducing-graphiql)._

    Open the `my-default-starter` directory in your code editor of choice and edit `src/pages/index.js`. Save your changes and the browser will update in real time!

3.  **Deploy to gh-pages**
    This builds the website and deploys the current branch to gh-pages
    ```shell
    yarn deploy
    ```

> 4.  **Auto published to Netlify**
>     Commit merged to **portfolio-2.0** branch auto publishes the changes to https://aquibvadsaria.netlify.app/ using [netlify Continuous deployment](https://app.netlify.com/sites/aquibvadsaria/deploys)
> 

Author: ```suggestion
4.  **Auto published to Netlify**
    Commit merged to **master** branch auto publishes the changes to https://aquibvadsaria.netlify.app/ using [netlify Continuous deployment](https://app.netlify.com/sites/aquibvadsaria/deploys)

```
